Hey, and welcome to this lesson on decentralized file storage.
Throughout this lesson, we'll go over the fundamentals of decentralized file storage,
also known as DFS.
We'll cover many new concepts to help get you up and
running with decentralized file storage for yourself.
To start, you'll get a broad overview of what DFS is and how it's being used to
try and replace some extremely important internet protocols, specifically HTTP.
You'll learn how it compliments decentralized apps created in
Ethereum to create fully decentralized unstoppable applications.
From there, we'll focus specifically on one implementation of DFS known as IPFS,
the Interplanetary File System.
That's a big name, and their goals are even bigger.
Their goal is to replace HTTP as the protocol we use to share information online.
Using IPFS, you'll learn to share files like text, images,
videos and more onto a shared network that just like a blockchain,
cannot be censored or changed and is not owned by any centralized source.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll have published your own personal website on
IPFS you can use to showcase your new projects,
skills or anything else you'd like.
You'll also be challenged to publish your own decentralized application onto
IPFS to create your first fully decentralized application.
We've got a lot to cover,
and I'm excited to get started.
So, when you're ready,
I'll see you in the first section.